UPGRADING.md, before:

# Upgrading Hermes to a newer version

## v1.0.0

> These instructions assume that you are running Hermes v1.0.0-rc.2.
> If you are running an older version, please refer to the upgrading instructions
> for the older release candidates in reverse chronological order to update to
> v1.0.0-rc.2 first and then follow these instructions.

This release includes multiple changes related to telemetry:
- Renamed the following metrics:
  * `ibc_client_updates` to `client_updates_submitted`
  * `ibc_client_misbehaviours ` to `client_misbehaviours_submitted`
  * `ibc_receive_packets` to `receive_packets_confirmed`
  * `ibc_acknowledgment_packets ` to `acknowledgment_packets_confirmed`
  * `ibc_timeout_packets ` to `timeout_packets_confirmed`
  * `cache_hits` to `queries_cache_hits`
  * `msg_num` to `total_messages_submitted`
  * `send_packet_count` to `send_packet_events`
  * `acknowledgement_count` to `acknowledgement_events`
  * `cleared_send_packet_count` to `cleared_send_packet_events`
  * `cleared_acknowledgment_count` to `cleared_acknowledgment_events`
- Added the following metric:
  * `timeout_events`

For more details, please check out the [new section that was added to guide][telemetry-guide],
which describes how the new metrics can be used to observe both the current state of
the relayer and the networks it is connected to.

[telemetry-guide]: https://hermes.informal.systems/documentation/telemetry/operators.html


## v1.0.0-rc.2

This release is backward compatible with Hermes v1.0.0-rc.1 🎉


## v1.0.0-rc.1

> These instructions assume that you are running Hermes v1.0.0-rc.0.
> If you are running an older version, please refer the corresponding
> in reverse chronological order to update to v1.0.0-rc.0 first and then
> follow these instructions.

### Default value of `tx_confirmation` setting has changed

The default value of the configuration `tx_confirmation`
in Hermes `config.toml` has been changed from `true` to `false`.

If you previously did not specify a value for this setting, you will
have to set `tx_confirmation = true` in `config.toml` under
the `[mode.packets]` section.

### All `tx raw` subcommands were moved to the `tx` namespace

The `raw` prefix was removed from all the commands listed below,
they are now available directly under the `tx` namespace:

- `hermes tx chan-close-confirm`
- `hermes tx chan-close-init`
- `hermes tx chan-open-ack`
- `hermes tx chan-open-confirm`
- `hermes tx chan-open-init`
- `hermes tx chan-open-try`
- `hermes tx conn-ack`
- `hermes tx conn-confirm`
- `hermes tx conn-init`
- `hermes tx conn-try`
- `hermes tx create-client`
- `hermes tx ft-transfer`
- `hermes tx packet-ack`
- `hermes tx packet-recv`
- `hermes tx update-client`
- `hermes tx upgrade-chain`
- `hermes tx upgrade-client`
- `hermes tx upgrade-clients`

### Rename `--a-` and `--b-` prefixes in `hermes tx` subcommands to `--src-` and `--dst-`

All commands under the `tx` namespace, with the exception of `tx upgrade-chain`, now use
`--src-` and `--dst` prefix for flags names instead of `--a-` and `--b-`.

The `tx upgrade-chain` command now uses `--reference-` and `--host-` prefixes.

Please check the commands help or [ADR 010][adr-010] for the full updated list of commands.

## v1.0.0-rc.0

> These instructions assume that you are running Hermes v0.15.0.
> If you are running an older version, please refer the corresponding
> in reverse chronological order to update to v0.15.0 first and then
> follow these instructions.

### Commands now use flags instead of positional arguments

From this version forward, all Hermes commands now use flags exclusively instead
of positional arguments.

For example, in version 0.15.0 the `create client` command would be invoked
as follows to create a client on host chain `ibc-0` which tracks reference chain `ibc-1`:

```
$ hermes create client ibc-0 ibc-1
````

As of version 1.0.0-rc.0, the command must now be invoked as follows, using flags instead of
positional arguments:

```
$ hermes create client --host-chain ibc-0 --reference-chain ibc-1
```

Please [consult the ADR][adr-010] which describes the new CLI flags for all commands.

### The `keys restore` command has been merged into `keys add`

The `keys restore` command has been merged into the existing `keys add` command.

Restoring a key now takes a file containing the mnemonic as input instead of directly taking the mnemonic.

Additionally, the flag to specify the key name for the CLI command `keys add` has been changed from `--nname` to `--key-name`.

As of version 1.0.0-rc.0, one must use the `keys add` command as follows in order
to restore a key from a mnemonic file instead of the `keys restore` command:

```
$ hermes keys add -chain <CHAIN_ID> --mnemonic-file <MNEMONIC_FILE>
```

### The `gas_adjustment` setting has been deprecated in favor of `gas_multiplier`

The `gas_adjustment` setting has been deprecated in favor of new `gas_multiplier` setting.

If you were using the `gas_adjustment` setting, please remove it from the
chain configurations and use the `gas_multiplier` setting instead.

Whereas the `gas_adjustment` setting would specify a percentage by which to increase
the estimated gas amount before broadcasting a transaction (eg. a value of 0.1
would increase the gas by 10%), the `gas_multiplier` simply specifies by
which amount to multiply the estimated gas before sending a transaction.

For example, if the chain configuration used `gas_adjustment = 0.1` to increase
the estimated gas amount by 10%, you must now use `gas_multiplier = 1.1`.

### Two `query packet` commands have been renamed

The `query packet unreceived-packets` has been renamed to `query packet pending-sends` to better
reflect its behavior.

The `query packet unreceived-acks` has been renamed to `query packet pending-acks` for consistency.

## v0.15.0

No breaking changes from v0.14.1.

## v0.14.1

No breaking changes from v0.14.0.

## v0.14.0

This release notably features a new [`query packet pending`][pending] command to
list outstanding packet commitments that are either unreceived or pending
acknowledgement at both ends of a channel.

The `create channel` command now requires an existing client and connection,
unless the `--new-client-connection` flag is provided.
Please [refer to the guide][create-channel] for more information.

[ics-26]: https://github.com/cosmos/ibc/blob/master/spec/core/ics-026-routing-module/README.md
[pending]: https://hermes.informal.systems/documentation/commands/queries/packet.html#pending-packets
[create-channel]: https://hermes.informal.systems/documentation/commands/path-setup/channels.html#establish-channel


## Older versions

Please refer to the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for older versions.

[adr-010]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/blob/v1.0.0-rc.1/docs/architecture/adr-010-unified-cli-arguments-hermes.md

Commit message:

chore: fix check-guide issue caused by hermes renaming to forcerelay

UPGRADING.md, after:

# Upgrading Forcerelay to a newer version

## v1.0.0

> These instructions assume that you are running Forcerelay v1.0.0-rc.2.
> If you are running an older version, please refer to the upgrading instructions
> for the older release candidates in reverse chronological order to update to
> v1.0.0-rc.2 first and then follow these instructions.

This release includes multiple changes related to telemetry:
- Renamed the following metrics:
  * `ibc_client_updates` to `client_updates_submitted`
  * `ibc_client_misbehaviours ` to `client_misbehaviours_submitted`
  * `ibc_receive_packets` to `receive_packets_confirmed`
  * `ibc_acknowledgment_packets ` to `acknowledgment_packets_confirmed`
  * `ibc_timeout_packets ` to `timeout_packets_confirmed`
  * `cache_hits` to `queries_cache_hits`
  * `msg_num` to `total_messages_submitted`
  * `send_packet_count` to `send_packet_events`
  * `acknowledgement_count` to `acknowledgement_events`
  * `cleared_send_packet_count` to `cleared_send_packet_events`
  * `cleared_acknowledgment_count` to `cleared_acknowledgment_events`
- Added the following metric:
  * `timeout_events`

For more details, please check out the [new section that was added to guide][telemetry-guide],
which describes how the new metrics can be used to observe both the current state of
the relayer and the networks it is connected to.

[telemetry-guide]: https://hermes.informal.systems/documentation/telemetry/operators.html


## v1.0.0-rc.2

This release is backward compatible with Forcerelay v1.0.0-rc.1 🎉


## v1.0.0-rc.1

> These instructions assume that you are running Forcerelay v1.0.0-rc.0.
> If you are running an older version, please refer the corresponding
> in reverse chronological order to update to v1.0.0-rc.0 first and then
> follow these instructions.

### Default value of `tx_confirmation` setting has changed

The default value of the configuration `tx_confirmation`
in Forcerelay `config.toml` has been changed from `true` to `false`.

If you previously did not specify a value for this setting, you will
have to set `tx_confirmation = true` in `config.toml` under
the `[mode.packets]` section.

### All `tx raw` subcommands were moved to the `tx` namespace

The `raw` prefix was removed from all the commands listed below,
they are now available directly under the `tx` namespace:

- `hermes tx chan-close-confirm`
- `hermes tx chan-close-init`
- `hermes tx chan-open-ack`
- `hermes tx chan-open-confirm`
- `hermes tx chan-open-init`
- `hermes tx chan-open-try`
- `hermes tx conn-ack`
- `hermes tx conn-confirm`
- `hermes tx conn-init`
- `hermes tx conn-try`
- `hermes tx create-client`
- `hermes tx ft-transfer`
- `hermes tx packet-ack`
- `hermes tx packet-recv`
- `hermes tx update-client`
- `hermes tx upgrade-chain`
- `hermes tx upgrade-client`
- `hermes tx upgrade-clients`

### Rename `--a-` and `--b-` prefixes in `hermes tx` subcommands to `--src-` and `--dst-`

All commands under the `tx` namespace, with the exception of `tx upgrade-chain`, now use
`--src-` and `--dst` prefix for flags names instead of `--a-` and `--b-`.

The `tx upgrade-chain` command now uses `--reference-` and `--host-` prefixes.

Please check the commands help or [ADR 010][adr-010] for the full updated list of commands.

## v1.0.0-rc.0

> These instructions assume that you are running Forcerelay v0.15.0.
> If you are running an older version, please refer the corresponding
> in reverse chronological order to update to v0.15.0 first and then
> follow these instructions.

### Commands now use flags instead of positional arguments

From this version forward, all Forcerelay commands now use flags exclusively instead
of positional arguments.

For example, in version 0.15.0 the `create client` command would be invoked
as follows to create a client on host chain `ibc-0` which tracks reference chain `ibc-1`:

```
$ hermes create client ibc-0 ibc-1
````

As of version 1.0.0-rc.0, the command must now be invoked as follows, using flags instead of
positional arguments:

```
$ hermes create client --host-chain ibc-0 --reference-chain ibc-1
```

Please [consult the ADR][adr-010] which describes the new CLI flags for all commands.

### The `keys restore` command has been merged into `keys add`

The `keys restore` command has been merged into the existing `keys add` command.

Restoring a key now takes a file containing the mnemonic as input instead of directly taking the mnemonic.

Additionally, the flag to specify the key name for the CLI command `keys add` has been changed from `--nname` to `--key-name`.

As of version 1.0.0-rc.0, one must use the `keys add` command as follows in order
to restore a key from a mnemonic file instead of the `keys restore` command:

```
$ hermes keys add -chain <CHAIN_ID> --mnemonic-file <MNEMONIC_FILE>
```

### The `gas_adjustment` setting has been deprecated in favor of `gas_multiplier`

The `gas_adjustment` setting has been deprecated in favor of new `gas_multiplier` setting.

If you were using the `gas_adjustment` setting, please remove it from the
chain configurations and use the `gas_multiplier` setting instead.

Whereas the `gas_adjustment` setting would specify a percentage by which to increase
the estimated gas amount before broadcasting a transaction (eg. a value of 0.1
would increase the gas by 10%), the `gas_multiplier` simply specifies by
which amount to multiply the estimated gas before sending a transaction.

For example, if the chain configuration used `gas_adjustment = 0.1` to increase
the estimated gas amount by 10%, you must now use `gas_multiplier = 1.1`.

### Two `query packet` commands have been renamed

The `query packet unreceived-packets` has been renamed to `query packet pending-sends` to better
reflect its behavior.

The `query packet unreceived-acks` has been renamed to `query packet pending-acks` for consistency.

## v0.15.0

No breaking changes from v0.14.1.

## v0.14.1

No breaking changes from v0.14.0.

## v0.14.0

This release notably features a new [`query packet pending`][pending] command to
list outstanding packet commitments that are either unreceived or pending
acknowledgement at both ends of a channel.

The `create channel` command now requires an existing client and connection,
unless the `--new-client-connection` flag is provided.
Please [refer to the guide][create-channel] for more information.

[ics-26]: https://github.com/cosmos/ibc/blob/master/spec/core/ics-026-routing-module/README.md
[pending]: https://hermes.informal.systems/documentation/commands/queries/packet.html#pending-packets
[create-channel]: https://hermes.informal.systems/documentation/commands/path-setup/channels.html#establish-channel


## Older versions

Please refer to the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md) for older versions.

[adr-010]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/blob/v1.0.0-rc.1/docs/architecture/adr-010-unified-cli-arguments-hermes.md
