guide/src/documentation/commands/relaying/handshakes.md, before:

# Relaying of Handshake Messages

This section describes the configuration and commands that can be used to start Hermes and relay both handshake and packets
for connections and channels.

## The `start` Command

To relay packets and handshake messages configure the `mode` section of the configuration file like so:
```toml
[global]
log_level = 'info'

[mode]

[mode.clients]
enabled = true
# ...

[mode.connections]
enabled = true

[mode.channels]
enabled = true

[mode.packets]
enabled = true
# ...
```

Then start Hermes using the start command:

```shell
{{#template ../../../templates/commands/hermes/start_1.md}}
```

Hermes sends handshake and packet transactions triggered by IBC events.

## Completing Channel Handshakes

After Hermes is started using the `start` command, it scans the chain state and will resume the handshake for any
channels or connections that are not in open state. It then listens to IBC events emitted by any of
the configured chains.

Assuming the events are coming from a `source` chain, Hermes determines the `destination` chain and builds the handshake messages based on these events. These are then sent to the `destination` chain.

In addition to the events described in [Packet Relaying](packets.md#packet-relaying), the following IBC events may be handled:

- Channels (if `mode.channels.enabled=true`):
  - `chan_open_init`: Hermes builds a `MsgChannelOpenTry` message
  - `chan_open_try`: Hermes builds a `MsgChannelOpenAck` message
  - `chan_open_ack`: Hermes builds a `MsgChannelOpenConfirm` message
  - `chan_open_confirm`: no message is sent out, channel opening is finished

- Connections (if `mode.connections.enabled=true`):
  - `conn_open_init`: Hermes builds a `MsgConnOpenTry` message
  - `conn_open_try`: Hermes builds a `MsgConnOpenAck` message
  - `conn_open_ack`: Hermes builds a `MsgConnOpenConfirm` message
  - `conn_open_confirm`: no message is sent out, connection opening is finished

Commit message:

chore: fix check-guide issue caused by hermes renaming to forcerelay

guide/src/documentation/commands/relaying/handshakes.md, after:

# Relaying of Handshake Messages

This section describes the configuration and commands that can be used to start Forcerelay and relay both handshake and packets
for connections and channels.

## The `start` Command

To relay packets and handshake messages configure the `mode` section of the configuration file like so:
```toml
[global]
log_level = 'info'

[mode]

[mode.clients]
enabled = true
# ...

[mode.connections]
enabled = true

[mode.channels]
enabled = true

[mode.packets]
enabled = true
# ...
```

Then start Forcerelay using the start command:

```shell
{{#template ../../../templates/commands/forcerelay/start_1.md}}
```

Forcerelay sends handshake and packet transactions triggered by IBC events.

## Completing Channel Handshakes

After Forcerelay is started using the `start` command, it scans the chain state and will resume the handshake for any
channels or connections that are not in open state. It then listens to IBC events emitted by any of
the configured chains.

Assuming the events are coming from a `source` chain, Forcerelay determines the `destination` chain and builds the handshake messages based on these events. These are then sent to the `destination` chain.

In addition to the events described in [Packet Relaying](packets.md#packet-relaying), the following IBC events may be handled:

- Channels (if `mode.channels.enabled=true`):
  - `chan_open_init`: Forcerelay builds a `MsgChannelOpenTry` message
  - `chan_open_try`: Forcerelay builds a `MsgChannelOpenAck` message
  - `chan_open_ack`: Forcerelay builds a `MsgChannelOpenConfirm` message
  - `chan_open_confirm`: no message is sent out, channel opening is finished

- Connections (if `mode.connections.enabled=true`):
  - `conn_open_init`: Forcerelay builds a `MsgConnOpenTry` message
  - `conn_open_try`: Forcerelay builds a `MsgConnOpenAck` message
  - `conn_open_ack`: Forcerelay builds a `MsgConnOpenConfirm` message
  - `conn_open_confirm`: no message is sent out, connection opening is finished
