guide/src/documentation/commands/relaying/packets.md, before:

# Packet Relaying

This section describes the configuration and commands that can be used to start Hermes and relay packets over one or multiple paths.

## Table of Contents

<!-- toc -->

## The `start` Command

To relay packets only configure the `mode` section of the configuration file like so:
```toml
[global]
log_level = 'info'

[mode]

[mode.clients]
enabled = true
# ...

[mode.connections]
enabled = false

[mode.channels]
enabled = false

[mode.packets]
enabled = true
# ...
```

Then start Hermes using the start command:

```shell
{{#template ../../../templates/commands/hermes/start_1.md}}
```

Hermes sends packet transactions triggered by IBC packet events for all open channels between the configured chains.
This is also referred to packet streaming.

## Packet Streaming

After Hermes is started using the `start` command, it listens to IBC packet events emitted by any of
the configured chains. Assuming the events are coming from a `source` chain, Hermes builds packets
based on these events, packets that are then sent either to the `source` chain or the counterparty (`destination`) chain.

Current events and actions are:

- `send_packet`: Hermes builds a packet message with the `packet` obtained from the event and any required proofs obtained from the counterparty of the chain where the message is sent. The concrete packet is:
  - `MsgRecvPacket`, sent to `destination` chain if the channel is in open state on the `destination` chain, and a timeout has not occurred,
  - `MsgTimeout`, sent to the `source` chain if the channel is in open state on the `destination` chain, but a timeout has occurred.
  - `MsgTimeoutOnClose`, sent to the `source` chain if the channel is in closed state on the `destination` chain.
- `write_acknowledgement`: Hermes builds a `MsgAcknowledgement` packet that is sent to the `destination` chain.

In addition to these events, Hermes will also handle channel closing events:
- `chan_close_init`: Hermes builds a `MsgChannelCloseConfirm` and sends it to the `destination` chain

## Packet Delay

If the relay path is using a non-zero delay connection, then `hermes` will delay all packet transactions. The delay is relative to the submission time for the client update at the height required by the packet proof.
The delay is used to prevent light client attacks and ensures that misbehavior detection finalizes before the transaction is submitted.
For more information on the misbehavior detector see [the misbehaviour section](../misbehaviour/index.md#monitoring-misbehaviour-and-evidence-submission).

Commit message:

chore: fix check-guide issue caused by hermes renaming to forcerelay

guide/src/documentation/commands/relaying/packets.md, after:

# Packet Relaying

This section describes the configuration and commands that can be used to start Forcerelay and relay packets over one or multiple paths.

## Table of Contents

<!-- toc -->

## The `start` Command

To relay packets only configure the `mode` section of the configuration file like so:
```toml
[global]
log_level = 'info'

[mode]

[mode.clients]
enabled = true
# ...

[mode.connections]
enabled = false

[mode.channels]
enabled = false

[mode.packets]
enabled = true
# ...
```

Then start Forcerelay using the start command:

```shell
{{#template ../../../templates/commands/forcerelay/start_1.md}}
```

Forcerelay sends packet transactions triggered by IBC packet events for all open channels between the configured chains.
This is also referred to packet streaming.

## Packet Streaming

After Forcerelay is started using the `start` command, it listens to IBC packet events emitted by any of
the configured chains. Assuming the events are coming from a `source` chain, Forcerelay builds packets
based on these events, packets that are then sent either to the `source` chain or the counterparty (`destination`) chain.

Current events and actions are:

- `send_packet`: Forcerelay builds a packet message with the `packet` obtained from the event and any required proofs obtained from the counterparty of the chain where the message is sent. The concrete packet is:
  - `MsgRecvPacket`, sent to `destination` chain if the channel is in open state on the `destination` chain, and a timeout has not occurred,
  - `MsgTimeout`, sent to the `source` chain if the channel is in open state on the `destination` chain, but a timeout has occurred.
  - `MsgTimeoutOnClose`, sent to the `source` chain if the channel is in closed state on the `destination` chain.
- `write_acknowledgement`: Forcerelay builds a `MsgAcknowledgement` packet that is sent to the `destination` chain.

In addition to these events, Forcerelay will also handle channel closing events:
- `chan_close_init`: Forcerelay builds a `MsgChannelCloseConfirm` and sends it to the `destination` chain

## Packet Delay

If the relay path is using a non-zero delay connection, then `hermes` will delay all packet transactions. The delay is relative to the submission time for the client update at the height required by the packet proof.
The delay is used to prevent light client attacks and ensures that misbehavior detection finalizes before the transaction is submitted.
For more information on the misbehavior detector see [the misbehaviour section](../misbehaviour/index.md#monitoring-misbehaviour-and-evidence-submission).
