guide/src/quick-start/installation.md, before:

# Install Hermes

There are two main approaches for obtaining Hermes:

1. Installation:
   1. If you are running on a Unix machine (Linux/macOS), then the simplest
      option is to [download the latest binary](#install-by-downloading).
   2. You can also install via [Cargo](#install-via-cargo).

2. Alternatively, [build Hermes directly from source](#build-from-source).


## Install by downloading

Simply head to the GitHub [Releases][releases] page and download the latest
version of Hermes binary matching your platform:
- macOS: `hermes-{{#include ../templates/version.md}}-x86_64-apple-darwin.tar.gz` (or .zip),
- Linux: `hermes-{{#include ../templates/version.md}}-x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu.tar.gz` (or .zip).

The step-by-step instruction below should carry you through the whole process:

1. Make the directory where we'll place the binary:
   ```shell
   mkdir -p $HOME/.hermes/bin
   ```

2. Extract the binary archive:
   ```shell
   tar -C $HOME/.hermes/bin/ -vxzf $ARCHIVE_NAME
   ```

3. Update your path, by adding this line in your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc` shell
   configuration file:
   ```shell
   export PATH="$HOME/.hermes/bin:$PATH"
   ```

> NOTE: The binary may be initially prevented from running if you're
> on macOS.
> See the ["Open Anyway" instructions from this support forum][developer-app]
> if that is the case.

You should now be able to run Hermes by invoking the `hermes` executable.

```shell
{{#template ../templates/commands/hermes/version_1.md}}
```

Which should be:

```
hermes {{#include ../templates/version.md}}
```

## Install via Cargo

> NOTE: This approach assumes you have installed all
> the [prerequisites](./pre-requisites.md) on your machine.

Hermes is packaged in the `ibc-relayer-cli` Rust crate.
To install the latest release of Hermes, run the following command in a terminal:

```shell
cargo install ibc-relayer-cli --bin hermes --locked
```

This will download and build the crate `ibc-relayer-cli`, and install the
`hermes` binary in `$HOME/.cargo/bin`.

> If you have not installed Rust and Cargo via [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs), you may need to
> add the `$HOME/.cargo/bin` directory to your `PATH` environment variable.
> For most shells, this can be done by adding the following line to your
> `.bashrc` or `.zshrc` configuration file:
>
> ```shell
> export PATH="$HOME/.cargo/bin:$PATH"
> ```

You should now be able to run Hermes by invoking the `hermes` executable.

```shell
{{#template ../templates/commands/hermes/version_1.md}}
```

Which should be:

```
hermes {{#include ../templates/version.md}}
```

## Build from source

### Clone the repository

Open a terminal and clone the `ibc-rs` repository:

```shell
{{#template ../templates/commands/git/clone_ibc_rs.md}}
```

Change to the repository directory
```shell
cd ibc-rs
```

### Checkout the latest release

Go to the [ibc-rs releases](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/releases) page to see what is the most recent release.

Then checkout the release, for example if the most recent release is `{{#template ../templates/version.md}}` then execute the command:

```shell
git checkout {{#include ../templates/version.md}}
```

### Building with `cargo build`

This command builds all the crates from the [__`ibc-rs`__](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes) repository, namely: the [__`ibc-relayer`__](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/tree/master/crates/relayer) crate, and the [__`ibc-relayer-cli`__](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/tree/master/crates/relayer-cli) crate.
The last of these crates contains the `hermes` binary.

```shell
cargo build --release --bin hermes
```

<a name="telemetry-support"></a>

> By default, Hermes bundles a [telemetry service and server](../documentation/telemetry/index.md).
> To build Hermes without telemetry support, and get a smaller executable,
> supply the `--no-default-features flag` to `cargo build`:
>
> ```shell
> cargo build --release --no-default-features --bin hermes
> ```

If the build is successful, the `hermes` executable will be located in the following location:

```shell
./target/release/hermes
```

__Troubleshooting__:
In case the `cargo build` command above fails, as a first course of action we
recommend trying to run the same command with the additional `locked` flag:

```shell
cargo build --release --bin hermes --locked
```

### Running for the first time

If you run the `hermes` without any additional parameters you should see the usage and help information:

```shell
./target/release/hermes
```

```
{{#include ../templates/help_templates/help.md}}
```

### Creating an alias for the executable

It might be easier to create an alias for `hermes`, so you can just run it by specifying the executable name instead of the whole path. In order to create an alias execute the following command:

```shell
alias hermes='cargo run --manifest-path $IBCFOLDER/Cargo.toml --release --bin hermes --'
```

## Shell auto-completions

The `completions` sub-command of Hermes can be used to output a completion script
for a choice of widely used command-line shells.
Refer to `hermes completions --help` for the list. Some shell-specific examples
of setting up auto-completion with this command are provided below; check your
shell configuration to decide on the suitable directory in which to install the script
and any further necessary modifications to the shell's startup files.

### Bash

```sh
{{#template ../templates/commands/hermes/completions_1.md SHELL=bash}} > ~/.local/share/bash-completion/completions/hermes
```

On a macOS installation with Homebrew `bash-completion` formula installed, use 

```sh
{{#template ../templates/commands/hermes/completions_1.md SHELL=bash}} > $(brew --prefix)/etc/bash_completion.d/hermes.bash-completion
```

### Zsh

```sh
{{#template ../templates/commands/hermes/completions_1.md SHELL=zsh}} > ~/.zfunc/_hermes
```

To make the shell load the script on initialization, add the directory to `fpath`
in your `~/.zshrc` before `compinit`:

```
fpath+=~/.zfunc
```

## Next Steps

Go to the [`Tutorials`](../tutorials/index.md) section to learn the basics of Hermes.


[releases]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/releases
[developer-app]: https://support.apple.com/HT202491

Commit message:

chore: fix check-guide issue caused by hermes renaming to forcerelay

guide/src/quick-start/installation.md, after:

# Install Forcerelay

There are two main approaches for obtaining Forcerelay:

1. Installation:
   1. If you are running on a Unix machine (Linux/macOS), then the simplest
      option is to [download the latest binary](#install-by-downloading).
   2. You can also install via [Cargo](#install-via-cargo).

2. Alternatively, [build Forcerelay directly from source](#build-from-source).


## Install by downloading

Simply head to the GitHub [Releases][releases] page and download the latest
version of Forcerelay binary matching your platform:
- macOS: `hermes-{{#include ../templates/version.md}}-x86_64-apple-darwin.tar.gz` (or .zip),
- Linux: `hermes-{{#include ../templates/version.md}}-x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu.tar.gz` (or .zip).

The step-by-step instruction below should carry you through the whole process:

1. Make the directory where we'll place the binary:
   ```shell
   mkdir -p $HOME/.hermes/bin
   ```

2. Extract the binary archive:
   ```shell
   tar -C $HOME/.hermes/bin/ -vxzf $ARCHIVE_NAME
   ```

3. Update your path, by adding this line in your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc` shell
   configuration file:
   ```shell
   export PATH="$HOME/.hermes/bin:$PATH"
   ```

> NOTE: The binary may be initially prevented from running if you're
> on macOS.
> See the ["Open Anyway" instructions from this support forum][developer-app]
> if that is the case.

You should now be able to run Forcerelay by invoking the `hermes` executable.

```shell
{{#template ../templates/commands/forcerelay/version_1.md}}
```

Which should be:

```
hermes {{#include ../templates/version.md}}
```

## Install via Cargo

> NOTE: This approach assumes you have installed all
> the [prerequisites](./pre-requisites.md) on your machine.

Forcerelay is packaged in the `ibc-relayer-cli` Rust crate.
To install the latest release of Forcerelay, run the following command in a terminal:

```shell
cargo install ibc-relayer-cli --bin hermes --locked
```

This will download and build the crate `ibc-relayer-cli`, and install the
`hermes` binary in `$HOME/.cargo/bin`.

> If you have not installed Rust and Cargo via [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs), you may need to
> add the `$HOME/.cargo/bin` directory to your `PATH` environment variable.
> For most shells, this can be done by adding the following line to your
> `.bashrc` or `.zshrc` configuration file:
>
> ```shell
> export PATH="$HOME/.cargo/bin:$PATH"
> ```

You should now be able to run Forcerelay by invoking the `hermes` executable.

```shell
{{#template ../templates/commands/forcerelay/version_1.md}}
```

Which should be:

```
hermes {{#include ../templates/version.md}}
```

## Build from source

### Clone the repository

Open a terminal and clone the `ibc-rs` repository:

```shell
{{#template ../templates/commands/git/clone_ibc_rs.md}}
```

Change to the repository directory
```shell
cd ibc-rs
```

### Checkout the latest release

Go to the [ibc-rs releases](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/releases) page to see what is the most recent release.

Then checkout the release, for example if the most recent release is `{{#template ../templates/version.md}}` then execute the command:

```shell
git checkout {{#include ../templates/version.md}}
```

### Building with `cargo build`

This command builds all the crates from the [__`ibc-rs`__](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes) repository, namely: the [__`ibc-relayer`__](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/tree/master/crates/relayer) crate, and the [__`ibc-relayer-cli`__](https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/tree/master/crates/relayer-cli) crate.
The last of these crates contains the `hermes` binary.

```shell
cargo build --release --bin hermes
```

<a name="telemetry-support"></a>

> By default, Forcerelay bundles a [telemetry service and server](../documentation/telemetry/index.md).
> To build Forcerelay without telemetry support, and get a smaller executable,
> supply the `--no-default-features flag` to `cargo build`:
>
> ```shell
> cargo build --release --no-default-features --bin hermes
> ```

If the build is successful, the `hermes` executable will be located in the following location:

```shell
./target/release/hermes
```

__Troubleshooting__:
In case the `cargo build` command above fails, as a first course of action we
recommend trying to run the same command with the additional `locked` flag:

```shell
cargo build --release --bin hermes --locked
```

### Running for the first time

If you run the `hermes` without any additional parameters you should see the usage and help information:

```shell
./target/release/hermes
```

```
{{#include ../templates/help_templates/help.md}}
```

### Creating an alias for the executable

It might be easier to create an alias for `hermes`, so you can just run it by specifying the executable name instead of the whole path. In order to create an alias execute the following command:

```shell
alias hermes='cargo run --manifest-path $IBCFOLDER/Cargo.toml --release --bin hermes --'
```

## Shell auto-completions

The `completions` sub-command of Forcerelay can be used to output a completion script
for a choice of widely used command-line shells.
Refer to `hermes completions --help` for the list. Some shell-specific examples
of setting up auto-completion with this command are provided below; check your
shell configuration to decide on the suitable directory in which to install the script
and any further necessary modifications to the shell's startup files.

### Bash

```sh
{{#template ../templates/commands/forcerelay/completions_1.md SHELL=bash}} > ~/.local/share/bash-completion/completions/hermes
```

On a macOS installation with Homebrew `bash-completion` formula installed, use 

```sh
{{#template ../templates/commands/forcerelay/completions_1.md SHELL=bash}} > $(brew --prefix)/etc/bash_completion.d/hermes.bash-completion
```

### Zsh

```sh
{{#template ../templates/commands/forcerelay/completions_1.md SHELL=zsh}} > ~/.zfunc/_hermes
```

To make the shell load the script on initialization, add the directory to `fpath`
in your `~/.zshrc` before `compinit`:

```
fpath+=~/.zfunc
```

## Next Steps

Go to the [`Tutorials`](../tutorials/index.md) section to learn the basics of Forcerelay.


[releases]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/releases
[developer-app]: https://support.apple.com/HT202491
