crates/relayer-cli/README.md, before:

# Hermes: IBC Relayer CLI

[![Crate][crate-image]][crate-link]
[![Docs][docs-image]][docs-link]
[![Build Status][build-image]][build-link]
[![End to End testing][e2e-image]][e2e-link]
[![Apache 2.0 Licensed][license-image]][license-link]
![Rust Stable][rustc-image]
![Rust 1.51+][rustc-version]

This is the repository for the CLI of the IBC Relayer built in Rust, called
`hermes`.

For any information about the relayer binary, please read the comprehensive
guide available at [hermes.informal.systems](https://hermes.informal.systems).


## License

Copyright © 2021 Informal Systems Inc. and ibc-rs authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use the files in this repository except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

[//]: # (badges)

[crate-image]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/ibc-relayer-cli.svg
[crate-link]: https://crates.io/crates/ibc-relayer-cli
[docs-image]: https://docs.rs/ibc-relayer-cli/badge.svg
[docs-link]: https://docs.rs/ibc-relayer-cli/

[build-image]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/workflows/Rust/badge.svg
[build-link]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/actions?query=workflow%3ARust
[e2e-image]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/workflows/End%20to%20End%20testing/badge.svg
[e2e-link]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/actions?query=workflow%3A%22End+to+End+testing%22

[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache2.0-blue.svg
[license-link]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/blob/master/LICENSE
[rustc-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-stable-blue.svg
[rustc-version]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.51+-blue.svg

Commit message:

chore: rename hermes to forcerelay

crates/relayer-cli/README.md, after:

# Forcerelay: IBC Relayer CLI

[![Crate][crate-image]][crate-link]
[![Docs][docs-image]][docs-link]
[![Build Status][build-image]][build-link]
[![End to End testing][e2e-image]][e2e-link]
[![Apache 2.0 Licensed][license-image]][license-link]
![Rust Stable][rustc-image]
![Rust 1.51+][rustc-version]

This is the repository for the CLI of the IBC Relayer built in Rust, called
`Forcerelay`. Forcerelay is based on `hermes`.

For any information about the relayer binary, please read the comprehensive
guide available at [hermes.informal.systems](https://hermes.informal.systems).

## License

Copyright © 2021 Informal Systems Inc. and ibc-rs authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use the files in this repository except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

[//]: # (badges)

[crate-image]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/ibc-relayer-cli.svg
[crate-link]: https://crates.io/crates/ibc-relayer-cli
[docs-image]: https://docs.rs/ibc-relayer-cli/badge.svg
[docs-link]: https://docs.rs/ibc-relayer-cli/

[build-image]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/workflows/Rust/badge.svg
[build-link]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/actions?query=workflow%3ARust
[e2e-image]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/workflows/End%20to%20End%20testing/badge.svg
[e2e-link]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/actions?query=workflow%3A%22End+to+End+testing%22

[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache2.0-blue.svg
[license-link]: https://github.com/informalsystems/hermes/blob/master/LICENSE
[rustc-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-stable-blue.svg
[rustc-version]: https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.51+-blue.svg
